Poppy and the beanstalk
Once upon a time there was a girl called Poppy who
lived with her poor mum. They lived in a trickety, old
and wooden house. They got there precios money
by milking their old, spotty cow (Daisy).
Early the very next morning it was as sunny as a
sunshine. That very particular day Poppy’s mum
asked Poppy,
“Can you sell Daisy because she is too old and in
return get some money?”
“Sure,” replied Poppy and set off in the dusty
allaway.
On the dusty allaway she trotted, until she met
a stranger.
“Who are you?” whispered the stranger.
“I am Poppy,” suggested Poppy.
“It does not matter, anyway I will give you five magic
seeds for your cow,” announced the stranger.
Poppy thought it was an extrordinary idea, so she
agreed and took the five magic tiny seeds.
Later on she strode down the allyway and finally
arrived home. When she arrived, her mum was
furios and she was so stubbant with Poppy. She
threw the beans out of the glass delicate window
as fast as a cheetah.
“Go to your room without any of your favourite
scrumptious dinner!” Shouted Poppy’s mother.
Poppy felt really miserable, so she went to her room
without any of her favourite scrumptios dinner.
The next morning Poppy saw a massive and it was
reaching into the fluffy, white, cuddly clouds. Poppy
decided to climb it.
Up…up…up. It got colder and colder and colder.
Poppy got really cold. Finally she arrived up to the
top of the massive beanstalk.
Slowly, Poppy lifted her head and then she saw a
humungous castle. Poppy was so amazed she
couldn’t say anything. When she could speak she
crawled to the castle and knocked quickly but
nobody answered.
Creep…creep…creep. Trembling, Poppy heard a
booming voice. “FEE FI FO FUM!” roared the
voice. “I SMELL THE BLOOD OF AN
ENGLISHMAN!” As fast as Poppy’s legs could
take her, she ran to an oven to hide and she was
safe. Luckily the person went to sleep.
Slowly Poppy sneaked out of the oven and
realized that the person was an enormous giant!
Then Poppy saw some golden flowers on the
table. Really quickly, Poppy grabbed the golden
flowers as fast before you could say jump.
Carefully, Poppy scurried down the massive
beanstalk and gave the golden flowers to her
poor mum.
“Oh my!” cried Poppy’s mum happily.
“What a lucky escape that was!” thought Poppy.

Porchester Castle
Introduction
Yesterday I went to the old stoney Porchester
Castle!
On the bus.
First I stepped on the coach with my partner
Lxxx. On the way we sang Wheels on the
bus, The king is in the castle and a little bit of
Call me Maybye. I was really excited
because we were nearly there!
Looking at the Outer walls.
Next we arrived and we saw the keep and it
was soooo tall! The other walls were protecting
the inside of the castle so attackers won’t
attack. I felt very eager because I couldn’t wait
to see what we were going to do.
Up the spiral.
After that we entered (on the pretend, wooden
drawbridge) and the first activity was going up
the spiral! When we were climbing, we had to
hold our clipboard on our left hand and hold on
to a long rope on our right hand. I felt surprised
because it was a long way up to the top of the
keep!
A the top of the keep.
A few minutes later we arrived at the top of the
keep and we drew some of Porchester Castle.
It was a great view! How I wished you were
there! I was clapping my hands with excitement
because I was so happy that I got to the very
top of the keep.
Down the spiral
Later that day I went down the spiral – but on
the way we saw where the prisoners used to be
and they drew something and their names are
still there!! I felt happy because I wanted to
explore more around the castle.
Lunch
After going down the spiral we had lunch and I
had some sandwiches, grapes, carrots, apple
slices and so a brioche. (I also had some
water.) I was so hungry and then I sat with my
mum making a daisy chain.
At Porchester castle museum.
After lunch, we went to the museum and drew
our artefact and wrote some facts about
Porchester Castle. I felt hard at work because I
had to lots of facts.
On the way back.
Finally we hopped on the coach to go back to
school and I felt sad to leave Porchester Castle
because every day I want to go to Porchester
everyday and everyday we do a new topic.
Closing Sentence
I had a great day so I hope you have a
favourite day of the year!

How to make a Paper Windmill
1. Get two pieces of paper and draw a box with an x
cross with a dot in the middle of every line.
2. Draw some decorations on one side and on the
other side leave it blank so how it is.
3. Put the two pieces in front of you to make sure
you have got both of them.
4. Stick the decorated bit on front of the not
decorated bit and stick it on.
5. Cut the lines of the cross but only to the line dot
you did in the middle and cut it to there. Also, cut
the squares with it.
6. Fold these bits that carefully to the middle like this
in the picture, so you get it right!
7. Put a pin in the middle so the bits that you fold
don’t explode and you have to do it again.
8. Get a pencil with a rubber bit and go through the
rubber until it sticks.
9. Then you have got a paper windmill and when

Dear Ellie’s family,
I am writing to you because I want to apologise to
you for what I have done to poor, old Thumper. I am
going to change my fierce behaviour to a normal pet
cat behaviour.
First of all I am sorry for bringing Thumper into the
carpet with mud, grass stains and other disgusting
things. Also, I am sorry that the stains can not come
off the carpet, and the housekeeper would will be
very dissapointed and upset because of it.
Second of all from this day forward I will be a good
citizen, and be treated much better, because I am
more respectful. I will also try not to scrath scratch
any more furniture like your favourite chair and the
couch.
Please accept my apology because I feel so
ashamed of myself and so sad. I feel very guilty as
well because I bring dead animals into the house
without any reason. Please forgive me!!
Love from Tuffy

Did I enjoy the book?
What a great book that was! I loved the story. I also
loved the sarcasim in it as well. The detail of it was
great, and I loved the story language. How Tuffy lies
and explains that he didn’t do it makes me laugh, and
how the dad describes Tuffy also makes me laugh.
What was my favourite part?
I really enjoyed the whole book – but if I was to choose
a favourite book part I would choose when the family
pretended and acted that they didn’t know that
Thumper died and was like, “Oh no,” and “Poor
Thumper.”
Who is my favourite character?
That is an easy question because it is very simple that it
is Tuffy! I like adore Tuffy because every second that
Tuffy speaks it makes me think that if I was an author
when I grow up, I would be an author just like that.
How did I feel about the book?
I felt very excited from Friday because it said that they
nailed up the cat flap, it left a real excitement of what
was going to happen on Saturday.
Who would I recommend this to?
I would reccomend this to my sister because she is
always talking to her friends on the laptop, so she can
read for a while and forget about talking to her friends.
Tuffy is a stripy, mischievous cat who always kills
animals and brings them into the house. He has killed
a cull cute poor bird and a tiny miserable mouse
thingy. When the owners tell him to do something he
disobeys them, or he sometimes in ignores the
owners.
Tuffy has pointy ears that hear perfectly well and he
sniffs mysterios things that we can’t smell. He is
covered from head to toe in ginger stripes and has
claws as sharp as knives and daggers. Tuffy has a
mischevios face on him all day because he is always
make making cunning plans. He has eyes that can
see everything around him, so keep an eye on him, so
he is not going to trip you up, or something else.
It is very hard to describe Tuffy’s behavior, because
he is always into trouble! Tuffy is a cat who creeps
around quietly and then strikes – but not like any other
cat because when he strikes he doesn’t jump he
pounces and traps it into his paws.
I would definitely like to be Tuffy’s friend, no matter if
he is up to mischief or not.

Once upon a time there was a badger who always was
hungry, because he worked day and night picking up
rubbish in the active, adventurous park.
One early morning a boy came into the park with a ham
sandwich. The starving, tremendously hungry badger
gazed at the sandwich. Badger imagined how it would
taste in his mouth.
“Mmm,” he thought, “This is what I call an outstanding
sandwich.” A boy came near the sandpit to take a big,
humungous bite. There was a girl nearby on a s re
dark, red slide when, oh no, the girl bumped into the
boy and his delicous scrumptios sandwich fell in the
sandpit!! “Oh we can’t eat it now,” muttered the girl, “It’s
disgusting.” The boy felt sad and so did that black and
white badger.
Just then a squirrel gl grabbed the sandwich covered
with golden sand. She took it because she didn’t mind
the sand. The ginger squirrel brang it up to her tall,
dark, tree to share with her pesky children. OH, NO!!!
The children couldn’t share properly, sooo the sandwich
fell in the pond covered with, slimy, green seaweed.
“We can’t eat it now,” muttered the mother, ginger
squirrel, “It’s disgusting.”
Suddenly a frog saw the sandwich and Badger leaped
into the sparkling, clean pond. The slimy, dark, green
frog fished out the sandwich. He didn’t mind the golden
sand or the slimy, green seaweed. The bouncy frog
was about to take a big, humungous bite when a
scooter rushed and just wanted to get past, so there
were black, squish marks on the sandwich.
“Oh, we I can’t eat it now,” muttered the frog, “It’s too
disgusting!!!!”
Suddenly a crow saw the sandwich and peeled it off the
light green, delicate grass to give it to her wealthy,
beautiful mum. When the crow was flying back to the
sticky nest he dropped it into an ants’ nest, because an
electric aeroplane scared the daughter’s crow.
“Oh, we can’t eat it now,” the crow mum muttered, “It’s
disgusting!”
Luckily Anyway there was a fox who grabbed the
sandwich. He didn’t mind the golden sand or the slimy,
green seaweed or the black squish, marks or the
hundreds of ants. He got the sandwich so with the lady
fox he liked. The fox was going to tell him how much he
liked her and cared for her, when he dropped an it into
a pile of tickly feathers that somehow got there. “Oh, we
can’t eat it now,” muttered the lady fox, “It’s disgusting!”
So the lady fox kicked the sandwich into a flowerbed.
Then she worked through some smelly, dirty bins.
Badger ran to the flowerbed. This time there were some
slugs covering the sandwich with slime and oozy, grey,
bubbles. Badger looked at the sandwich covered in
golden sand, slimy, green seaweed, black squish
marks, hundreds of ants, tickly feathers and slugs with
slime and oozy, grey bubbles. Then Badger ate up all
the gross slugs.
