A moltey tast machine
You plug in the machine. Than yuo you
switch it on. The to moltey task
computer will go bleep, buzz, bleep and
then you press a bot buton on the key
bord. The Machine will bdo the Any A
aney anything you want. Before you do
anything make sure you have pluged
everything in properly. Then Switch on
the tv box So you can wach every thing
that is haperning inside the machine!

There were lots of spiders in the attic.
Some thing was Flaping its Wings behind a
l enormas box.s I wonder what is in that
box thought Eleiott. He crept closer to open
the box but suddenly a pijean pigeon came
out from behind the box. Go away! said
Elleit Qietly. The pijaon pigeon fl went out
the window. fFew siaaid Eloit that was
close.

Meet Fred. Fred loves to find things.
One day Fred said to his mum I’m boad.
GO Into ThE Attic! said his mum. And
so he did. Fred whent into the attic. it It
was really darck in the attic and there
were verry deep holes in the foor. Just
then some thing caught his eye. it It was
some boxes ontop of each other. One
was long ane one was fat and the the
other was a silver case. Fred toat tooc
toock took them all down stais. f First he
opened the silver one which had wires
in it. soon Soon he had opened all of
them.
Fred put all the parts together. it made a
computer. Sudenly he hottect spotted a
white box whith wit 3 pins. it It was a
plug Fred pluged in the plug. JThe
computer said DEll. Whatever does that
mean? Thought Fred. He made
jumpers, bread and bufor he had finish
writeing every thing do down that the
machine went boom. Fred was sad. so
So he went to the gararge got some
tools and put it back together. From that
day on Fred used his machine everyday
knitting to kint his school to knit his
school jumper.

Dear Eelliott We know what you machine is it’s a typ writer.
How to use it:
1. First put the paper in the typ writer.
2. tTurn the diel to feed the paper into the
typwriter
3. Next push the keys down firrimlyX to
print a letter
4. Now push the suver lever down on the side of the typwriter
5. If you hear a ding that means your you
are at the ei end atof the line. ding! ding!
6. You cant take any thing of away if you

My dragon is a fire dragon. his breth can
make cars sisel like dinamite. If, you make
him angry, he will breath rings of fire at you.
Wen wWhent v he flys; he lights up the sky
li like the sun. hHe l lives in the center of
the sun. wWhen, he gose goes to sleep the
fire in sthe the sun goesout. He can turn
things to stone, make people catch fire and
make things explode. He can allso turn any
ting into food or when he gets angry he will
thow yowu in the sun!

Missing one dragon
Last seen flying out of forest school on
monday night. He has a silver tummy, blue
body and black feet. It will breath fire at you
and eat you up! If seen then please report
on: 069 30666 1300 999 013. If seen and
not reported you will be locked in jail for
three years! You will be Rewarded £900 or
309306 bucks if yo report. Whatever you do
do not shoot it! its claws are silver so it is
easy tobeseen.

Yesterday we went to bishops Wood to
look for mini-beastes. Firist we had a snack
snack. Next we went into the woods. Vicki
gave us a mira. It was verry scarry because
it was like you were walking in the sky!
Then we had to gide our friends to a tree.
After that we had a sincky pocniton parrty
mine was discusting. Finaly it was lunch
time! After lunch we went pond diping our
group found a newt. Last of all we sorted
out animals. Finally it was home time.
The trip was great! my favrite part of the
day was idenafing the trees.
