Standing on the toll clift neeyer the see and
theair was a seemoster. I Called the boys
owver and tolld them my fiendishly, clever
plan.
Fuerst I will need fever bothboms. To make
a fever bothbom you need fevers from a
part. I flid and then I sor the seedrago and
then the boys said drop the bothboms.
His tung felt tingly and ticley.
He had swmd awye and We said awer plan
wuct.
The spacing between words is secure.

There was once a brave soldier who helped
anyone and everyone in need. His name
was Traction Man!
Traction Man had a morning swim. It was
only a quick one. Suddenly Traction man
heard someone screaming Help! Help! He
flew upstairs to see what was going on.
He youst all his strenth to cick open the
door: He finley got in side thair.He saw the
spung geting hert a lot.
The Spung was riley sad and angrey
too.Traction M saw that the evll tap was
runing all over the Spung
So Traction Man tund on the shawer on to
cold and sprayd it at the evll tap. I wund
and sayvd the day. I wuner what we you
wood do to morow?

Dear Mother and Father
I am writing to tell you I have arived saifly.
When I arived there was a bad smell. There
were no dbeds and no clean bandages.
There were lots of rats scattling around the
woonid sois. I worked hard to help the
woonid soldiers the nurses helped me too.
As I write the sun is seting and I am going
to say good nite to the soljs.
Lots of love
florence.

1. look in the dragoniys eyes and sey sit
2. lie down you get a treet and put it in yor
hand and clows yor hand plays it down and
say liy down and then give the tree to mum
then.
3. If you wont to make yor dragon to stay
you poot yor hand in frun of you and say
stay.
4. I put My one finger up and tund it rawd
and rawd and the dragon tund arald and he
did it.

The Dangerous dog. The Dangerous dog
can run as fast as a cheetah.
The Dangerous dog can run as fast as a
cheetah. His bak is flufee. Dangerous dog
has the sharpis nails. His teeth are sharp
as a nif. His barc is that lawd the barc can
moowf the haws. He digs a big howl in one
secnd.

Hiccup has scruf bawn hair and it is short.
He has a sheel because if he is in dayjer.
Hiccup can fite them baca. also he has
sparcley brit green iys. He yowis his sord
to fit bad gise. Hiccup is smol. Hiccup is a
nise pusn. Hiccup has flufey boots. he
has a flufey Jacit. Hiccup is a lovley boy.
Hiccup is cering and hafl. Hiccup has the
shinee sord and it is sharp. Hiccup has a
darc green teeshert. He orso is wering
blac jeens to and he looks warm. He has
a pege leg. Hiccup has a cleen shell and
his sord is shinyer then gold. His sheell
has patns on his sheell to.
