Opening the Fridge
Slowly, Ewan peeped through the crack
in his door. All was black. He took a step
out. He could hear distant snoring as he
creeped crept across the landing.
As his heart raced he stared into the
darkness; he could hear the fridge
urging him on – willing him to move.
Now the stairs. The tricky bit. Suddenly
a THUD!... He raced down the creaking
stairs – even the seventh one that makes
an earsplitting noise creak. He could see
the re white rectangle straight ahead of
him. Then he opened it.
He took a quick glance and saw the
chocolate digestives. Then she He could
feel a pair of eyes watching her him in
the darkness. Who was it? Had he been
seen...? My His eyes darted around the
room, his heart in his mouth. He grabbed
the biscuits and ran for it.
“Ewan!” echoed a voice
Sneaking Downstairs
I lay under the covers, staring at the
ceiling, my stomach empty. Slowly I got
out of bed and crept towards my door.
The handle shimmered in the darkness,
urging me to turn it. My hand quivered as
the brass handle turned and made a
‘click’. I jumped. Shadows crept across
the landing while I nibbled at my nail.
My parent’s room’s door creaked and I
bolted down the stairs – including the
seventh one that makes an earsplitting
thud when you step on it. I stared at the
human-eating fridge and my legs turned
to jelly as I tiptoed towards it. I reached
out…

The Applause
I am in the dressing room with
the music ringing in my ears; the small
room is bustling with tall skinny girls
chattering and giggling But but all I can
think of is the stage and the applause.
My racing heart thuds underneath my
silky tutu. Thud. Thud. Thud.
Then suddenly the stage director
is at the door, calling my name. My
name. My stomach gives an unexpected
flutter and I take a deep breath. As the
stage door swings open, I tell myself
everything will be ok – nothing could
possible go wrong – I have been training
for this since the age of three. Tall
Bulky men with headsets and clipboards
keep ushering me into the right direction.
Half of me wants to run onto stage and
dance my heart out but there is also
apart of me that wants to go and hide
away. Adreneline was is circling its way
around my body and rushing into my
fingertips.
waiting for your death. Although I was
extremely excited, I was even more
nervous. I stopped a few centimetres
from the stage entrance with the whole
quer de ballet behind me and slowly took
a shaky, deep breath. The stage was like
a lit up arena waiting to be danced on.
The crowd, which seemed to consist of
about a million people, erupted as I
walked on to stage. I gave a little smile,
and began to dance.

How Pointe Shoes Came To Be
Have you every wondered why
ballerinas look so beautiful and graceful
on stage? Keep on reading to find out
about what makes the Nutcracker you
saw at Christmas the magical story it is.
Pointe shoes are what makes
dancers different and beautiful. With their
pink satin and silky ribbons, these shoes
have been around since 1795. They were
invented to make ballerinas look
weightless when dancing, so they then
started spinning, balancing and jumping
en pointe (on the tips of their toes).They
are traditionally worn by women for a
beautiful pad de duex (a solo dance with
one man and one woman) but in some
ballets men go on pointe too. There is an
all male ballet company called Les Ballet
Trockadero that had a very famous
production of Swan Lake featuring men
dancing en pointe as the female swans.
A diagram showing all the technical parts
of a modern pointe shoe.
Most people might think ask ‘why
hurt your feet like that?’ But as soon as
you get into the ballet world your life
ambition is to start pointe work. This
exact thing happened to me. Pointe
shoes are very desirable to young
dancers too. Pointe work is meant for
dancers at least over the age of 11 as it
is ideal once your feet have stopped
growing. Meanwhile, at the Royal Ballet
Lower School (White Lodge, Richmond
Park, London) the pupils start at the age
of 13. It was also thought (until very
recently) that the London royal Ballet
School was the only way to go if you
wanted a career in dance but now there
are many options for non-boarders.
Every dancer has unique feet
with a varying length, shape, arch,
flexibility, extension and strength;
consequently, most pointe shoe
companies make more than one model of
a shoe. Sometimes they are custom
tailored for the best shoes. Occasionally
ballerinas can go through more than one
pair in one performance. There are two
main parts of a pointe shoe:
• The box – the front end of the shoe
that supports the dancer’s toes.
• The shank – rigid material to stiffen
the sole to support the arch for going
en pointe.
Now pointe shoes are beautiful
and (for me) the best part of ballet! They
need a lot of care, e.g. rosin for non-slip;
extra elastic; complex ribbon tying; box
breaking etc. but become totally worth it
when you are en pointe. The conclusion
for me is that pointe work is awesome
and you should love it! I hope you liked
my text and that you now are a pointe
shoe fan!

By F. Xxxxxxx
Yesterday, at dusk, Cherry Stone drowned
at Boat Cove, supposedly making a
necklace of cowrie shells for a ‘giant’.
The Giant’s Necklace
Cherry, aged 10, had been
determined to finish a necklace she had
been making out of glistening pink cowrie
shells. She had been told to be home for
tea but little did her family know that she
would never return again. Police officers
and detectives have looked into the
disaster and think that she was cut off in
Boat Cove and then attempted to climb a
steep cliff face. Had she already drowned?
Was she already dead?
Zennor, located in Cornwall, is a
usual happy annual holiday visit for the
Stone family. It’s very unusual for a girl of
Cherry’s age to be left alone on a beach
late in the evening. The parents, Ed and
Nicola, are distraught.
At The Beach
Mr and Mrs Stone have started a
campaign to stop children being on the
beach by themselves later than 5.00. Mrs
Stone told us that Cherry was a very
independent girl so they thought she would
be fine. But nobody can be fine once they
have been cut off by a tide and thrown
around by an Atlantic wave.
The Stone’s
“We were joking around with her just hours
earlier and now she’s dead!” said one of
her brothers, Felix.
Another one of her brothers recalled that
she had been making a cowrie shell
necklace since the start of their holiday two
weeks before. They explained that she
needed only a few more inches to reach
the toaster – but tragically those inches
cost her her life!
An Atlantic Storm
Zennor Head coast guards
searched the cove all day until they found
Cherry’s dead body. She was discovered a
mile or so out from Boat Cove, lying on the
sand, surrounded by seaweed and cowrie
shells. The search party believe that she
was collecting shells and the sudden
change of weather came quickly: she didn’t
have enough time to get away. Once she
had been dragged under by the sea, she
had been carried away from Boat Cove.
Half way up a nearby cliff, searchers found
a collection of perfect-looking cowrie shells
wrapped in a towel. Cherry’s parents
confirm that these were Cherry’s.
A Funeral For Cherry
There will be a funeral for Cherry
Stone at St George’s Church in Cornwall at
5:45 on Saturday the 19th of June.

Dear Diary
Right now I’m not actually holding this pen – it is
miraculously hovering in the air and writing down
my thoughts for me. Because ghosts can’t hold
stuff, right? I’ve never really liked writing a diary
but my parents always told me it would be fun to
look back on when I am older. But I’ll never be
‘older’. I s’pose I can look back on the day I died.
It was all fine at first – my brothers teasing with
me about my ‘giant’s’ necklace and Mum and
Dad cutting brushing off the burnt toast. I
thought, “Just a couple more inches of shells for
my necklace – then I shall reach the toaster!”
Soon enough we were all lying on the beach
staring out into the shimmering turquoise water.
Everything was fine; it all seemed so calm. After
about twenty minutes everyone started climbing
back up to thou the house to pack up. I thought
that if I just stayed maybe another hour, I’d
surely have enough shells to finish my necklace.
As I bent over the sand, I realized that almost
three hours had passed and I still had fifty shells
to go. I looked up from my work and the sky had
suddenly turned an angry grey colour and I could
already see the monsterous waves gathering out
in the Atlantic. Fifty would would take no more
than ten minutes, right? Or so I thought…
By now the frothing water was thrashing against
my ankles. The rocks were only a meter or so
away… I was so determined that I was even
collecting the glistening pink shells on my way to
the spiky rocks. I was so stupid. Why didn’t I just
go home as soon as the storm gathered? The
rocks were slippy but the house seemed so
close now. Suddenly the salty water was all
around me. In my mouth, up my nose, stinging
my eyes. The crashing waves pulling me down.
I was conscious that I was drowning. Everything
went quite quiet and still. And then the frothing
blue water faded into black.
I woke up coughing and spluttering out the in a
daze. My clothes were drenched. I wasn’t just
physically lost: I had no one – I had nothing. My
first thought was my shells but only a few
remained – scattered around in different
pockets. As I looked up, I saw warm yellow light
glowing from the cliff face. My curiosity got the
better of me. I quickly scrambled to my feet and
climbed up the cliff; it turned out there was a
tunnel – strewn with little lanterns. Inside were
two miners – one young and one a jolly with a
bedraggled beard. They were very kind to me
but something was still bothering me. Mother
had told me that the tin mining business had
been sut shut down over a hundred years ago so
what were they doing here? Were they dead?
Then how could I see them?
One of the miners kindly took me above the cliff
and I finally felt safe. I couldn’t wait to tell the
whole faml family that I had survived! I was okay!
I ran as fast as I could all the way until my front
door. My racing heart was pounding at the speed
of light under my dripping sweater. My hands
urged me to knock and before I it I knew it, I was
hammering on the door. There was no answer. I
waited. And waited. So I tried again. No Answer
again. Why weren’t they answering? Didn’t they
want to see me? Without thinking, I flung open
the door. The room, which was filled with official
looking people, looked like it had been hit by a
bomb.
“Hello!” I called, “It’s me – Cherry! I’m home. I’ve
survived.” Why was everyone ignoring me? And
then it dawned on me. The miners, the water,
the no answering. I leant against the wall and
slowly slid down in a crumpled, sobbing heap. I
was dead. Nobody survives a drowning in an
Atlantic storm. I was a am very stupid and very,
very dead. Then I cried. I cried until there were
no more tears. to be I bit down on my lip until I
tasted blood. Blood? The reality of it all came
flooding into my mind. Innocent, young Cherry is
a dead ghost. What now? Reality?

Dear Red House Books
Thank you for your invitation. I am really
thrilled to have been chosen to attend the Red
house Children’s Book Awards in London next
term. I have visited your website to find out more
about the Award Ceremony which sounds
interesting and exciting.
Sophie McKenzie is one of the
shortlisted authors for the Older Readers’ award.
I have read “Split Second” which I thought was a
thrilling story: in fact, it is a real page-turner and I
have recommended it to several friends.
Switching between the perspectives of each of
the two main characters helps the reader
discover their own separate, imaginary worlds.
Reading this story, it is easy to become
confused by all the different strands, but the
author helps the reader start fitting them together
like a jigsaw, even though the characters
themselves cant yet see the whole picture.
Attending the award ceremony will give
me the opportunity to discuss my love of books
with children from other schools; I know that I will
enjoy socialising and chatting to people I haven’t
met before. I am also very proud to have been
chosen for this role and look forward to
representing my school at the event.
As you can probably tell, reading books
and visualising every detail is important to me.
Meeting some of the authors who bring my
favourite characters to life makes this invitation
even more special. I really love the fact that this
book award is voted for by children; that must
really matter to authors!
Overall, the day sounds amazing and I
can’t wait for it to arrive.
Yours sincerely,
Fxxxxxxx Dxxxxxx
