“Lauren, I have just received a phone call from
work, because we need to go to Antarctica so I
can report the weather!” exclaimed mum as she
put some winter clothing in a suitcase and the two
tatty-looking passports in her bag. Immediatly,
Lauren put on her brand new winter boots and her
waterproof fur coat. As soon as all the bags were
packed they ran extremly fast to where Lauren’s
mum’s BMW was parked and they set off for
Gatwick Airport.
Eventually, they arrived in Antarctica where the
film crew where waiting for Lauren’s mum to
report the news, causing Lauren to be left alone
and find the winter hut herself. As soon as her
mum left, she started picked up the bags and
began to walk. Quickly, a light gust of wind moved
towards her but when it had passed, it left Lauren
with a frost b very painful frost bite. What might
she could she do now with to get rid of the frost
bite? she thought to herself, but gradually it
melted from the warm heat of her coat.
Within a few minutes, Lauren carried on with the
journey when a bundle of hail stones constantly
crashed down onto her head as a blizzard slowly
occured, right in front of her. There was no way of
escaping the disastrous snow storm because it
would would only plough what was in front of it
(which was Lauren).
Menacingly, a snow-lepod lepord approached her,
as if from nowhere, in with an angry mind – ready
to attack. Lauren was stuck between a fierce
snow-lepord and a powerful blizzard; knowing
there was no-one to help her and no way to
escape.
Fortunatley, Lauren realised she had her super
strong, winter boots on and a immediately took
one of them off. Determined to escape, she flung
one of the boots onto the snow-lepord, causing it
to limp away in agony. Relieved, she cried with
happiness and leaped with joy that she was finally
free from that vicous lepord.
In time the blizzard dissapeared, the hailstones
had stopped and everything was calm again.
Lauren arrived at the winter hut and ran for the lift.

How to mummify a Pharaoh
Do you have a Pharaoh ready to be
mummifiemified? Are you looking for a simple
method to mummify your pharaoh? Then follow
these simple steps to help the emperor!
Equipment:
• Canopic jars
• 150m of linen
• Sawdust (or different types of spices)
• Natron salt
• Coffin
• Onion
• Amulets
• Scrolls
• Hook
Method:
1. Before starting collect all of the utensils,
making sure that the Canopic jars don't drop
(because they are valuable jars that can give
severe injuries).
2. Carefully place the body on a sacred table and
with a hook gently remove the brain through the
nose. However, the brain is not needed so it can
be fed to the dogs.
3. Following this, thourly thoroughly wash the
body and remove the internal organs.
4. Having finished the last step, place the lungs,
liver and stomach into canopic jars (as this
happens say a memorable prayers).
5. After that take out the heart so that it can be
scaled with a feather if it should go to the afterlife
(once finished leave the body for 40 days).
6. Now dry the body in natron (which is a kind of
salt) to only be used on dead pharaohs).
7. When completed, drying the body in salt, then
fill the body with spices, sawdust and linen. (150m
of linen needed).
8. Next, bandage up the Pharoah with strips of
linen. (This can take up to around 70 days
depending on the shape or size of the body.
9. Following this, After bandaging the Pharaoh,
wrap amulets and scrolls inside the strips of so
that the dead Pharaoh is protected. (Also place
an onion in the right hand of the pharaoh).
10. Finally, place the the mummy in a coffin
painted with a face to resemble the person inside
and process the coffin to the grave.
Now that you know how to mummify a body you
can help your Pharaoh go to the after life.

Even though the journey was long, it was
definetely worth it, because last Friday, I had an
interesting day learning new things about William
Shakespeare, and the Globe theartre – which is u
where Shakespeare’s plays are shown.
To begin the day with a thrill, I was able to go into
the Globe Theartre and feel what it was like sitting
in the different seats (which depended on your
status, meaning how wealthy you are). Standing
where the poorest people would go, made me feel
small and diminutive but sadly if you were a poor
person you would be called a ‘penny stinker’.
However they were able to see what no one else
was able to see; it was a beautiful detailed
painting with a drawing of the sun. And no, it was
not just any sun drawing of the sun it was one
with doors that led to heaven. Are you still
doubting being a penny stinker?
As the day carried on, our tour guide (Olivia) led
us into a room where we had an acting workshop
and as we walked to the room, on the walls was a
quote from one of Shakespeares plays ‘to be or
not to be’ in a wide range of languages (although I
only understood the quote in English). Anyway,
lets get back to taklking about the workshop. As
any normal actor would do, my class (yr 6), were
told by Olivia to warm up. However, we had to
clap and stopmp at the same time but the only
communication we hao were allowed to use was
eye contact, which is quite difficult in my opinion.
Eventually we were able to do it, so we finally
moved onto the more interes more proper acting
activity. Olivia, gave four people a peice of paper
and split the class into two equal sections. My
group was called the Montagues (which is
Romeo’s family name) and the other group was
called the Capulets (which is Juliets family name).
Do you know which one of Shakespeare’s plays I
was talking about? Yes! I was obviously talking
about the play Romeo and Juliet. Fortunately, I
was chosen to read out one of the scripts and I
played Benvolio who is a kind and caring man
who only wants peace in life. I Over all I would
rate the today as 10 out of 10 because I have
learnt so many new and amazing facts. Also, from
my great experience of being in the gl Globe
theartre, I would definetly like to come and watch
a play there! Would you like to visit the Globe
Theartre?
Just after we had finished, our lunch, we took an
interesting stroll through London. Whilst we were
walking I came across a dirty skeleton in a cage
in public view From my opinion, (this was
because Clink Prison is the oldest prison in
London)! In my opinion, I was re it was really
unexpected of and shocking to see such a
horrifeying object in a local busy street. Not only
did we get to see Clink Prison, but year 5 and 6
were also lucky to view the Golden Hinde which is
a boat that is 31m on deck. Surprisingly, I didn’t
know anything about this boat so one of my lovely
teachers (Mrs Gxxxx) asked all of us to find out
some facts at the weekend.
I can’t believe the amount of fun I’ve had
discovering so many interesting facts and co-
operating together when acting.

Over 4000 years ago, in ancient Greece, the
first theatres were built to entertain people or
to teach new things. Frank Matchan, who
was the owner of the Kings theartre, built it
in 1907 when it was opened to please both
rich and poor. Furthermore, The Globe
Theartre was built in the Elizabethian times
(1599) with the purpose of showing
tragedies, comedies and histories. Despite
cinemas, DVDs and Netflix, people still want
live story telling and so theatres are the
place to go.
Seating and Audience
The poor:
Unfortunatly, In the Edwardian times, the
poorest people had to walk up 84 flights of
stairs in order to get to the gallery – which is
also known as ‘The Gods’ (because it is the
closest seats to heaven). However, men
were thought to be more important than
ladies, so the gentlemen sat at the front.
Interestingly, in the Globe Theartre, the
poorest people (who were known as ‘Penny
Stinkers’) had to stand on the yard whether
it was raining or not. Although, Penny
Stinkers were the only ones able to see the
beautiful paintings of heaven (top of the
stage).
The Rich and Wealthy:
Surprisingly, it was illegal for a lady to show
her ankles so in the Kings Theartre, in
Edwardian times, a wealthy man would sit in
the front row seats to catch a glimpse of a
lady’s ankle. The rich and glamorous women
sat in boxes, which were tilted towards the
audience, so everyone could see how
beautiful they were. Additionally, ladies in
the boxes had fans to communicate with a
man whilst a play was commencing (105
different communical communication fan
signals were used). Unlike the Kings
Theatre, in the Globe rich people were sat at
the very top, however these seats were after
often padded and surrounded by beautiful
paintings (unlike the ‘The Gods’).
Building and design
Kings Theatre:
Intriguingly, On the pillers inside the Kings
Theatre, an amazing method, which is called
scaglioli, has been used to make the pillers
look like they are made out of plaster
marble. Another amazing fact is, because of
the curved walls, sound from the stage
bounces off them, so at the top of the
theatre sound is still heard. This is known
as, “perfect accoustics”. Fortunatly As you
walk into the theatre, dark colours were
painted on the walls to help adjust people’s
eyes, so that they could see clearly inside
the dark theatre. Did you know that there are
13 dressing rooms in the Kings Theatre, but
they are named: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11, 11a and 12 because 13 is an unlucky
number. If an actor gets ready at number 13,
they believe their performance will be
cursed!
Globe Theatre:
Inside the theatre, the background / setting
is changed, according to the play, for
example, Romeo and Juliet would have a
decorated balcony. Although some of the
roof is thatched, the centre is left open, so
natural light shows up the actors, and also
adds atmosphere. Interestingly, in the
Elizabethian times, there were 3 different
coloured flags which represented a play
about history, comedy and or tragedy. Even
though a tragedy could make you upset, at
the end of every play, all the actors came
onto the stage and were applauded to make
the audience feel happy again.
at the Kings, an actor had to row across
the orchestra pit to get across the stage?
the Kings Theatre? One is called ‘The
Falling Angel’ because a 24 year old lady
fell from the Gallery and died.
and below the stage at the Globe? These
represent heaven and hell.

Another Dimension
In 2621 on the planet Zordo, a young but
poor boy carefully fixed his droid, wich which
was the only source of income he had left.
Whilst his mother was busy, he typed things
on the micro tablet that con constantly shut
down without even in the middle of a game.
“Please fix the droid proply with care,” his
mother begged. “And when you’ve finished,
take it to the market to be sold,” she cried.
“Yes, mother,” he groaned and nodded as he
said it. Quickly, Jack picked up the brand-
new looking droid and raced out the door
before he was shouted at again. Soon, jack
Within a few minutes he was already at the
an all the alley way which led to the market,
when an old man in rags blocked the
pathway. “Where are you going with that
droid boy?” asked the curious old man. “I
intend to sell it at the market, Sir,” Jack said,
feeling angry at being distrupted from his
walk.
The old man examined the droid for a minute
and then looked back to Jack. “I will trade
you for this marvellous stick young man,” he
said with an eager look on his face. Jack
stared for a moment at the stick which was
crippled, useless and definitely worth
nothing. “What Why would I want a good for
nothing stick?” he replied, hoping that the old
man would just leave him alone. The old man
was horrified disgusted of at what Jack had
said but tried again to persuade him to do the
trade. Tap, Tap, Tap the sound of the stick
created as it brushed against the cobbled
ground. “You see,” the elderly man said.
“See what?” asked Jack, confused more than
ever before. “The portal, to another
dimension,” slowly came out of the old man’s
mouth, as he pointed left. Puzzled, Jack
walked over to the mysterious and
multicoloured hole in the wall and turned
back to the old man with a gobsmacked
speechless face. “I’ll take the trade old man,”
he shrieked, jumping with joy. As soon as the
man gave Jack the stick, he was home
before he could even breathe.
“You’re back already; where’s the money?”
mother asked Jack, determined to see it. “No
money moth “I didn’t get as far as the
market,” Jack said. “Because I traded the
droid for this magic stick, which is so much
better than money,” he cried. Blood rushed to
her hands in shock as her appearance
changed into something unimagineable.
“What do you mean, you traded the droid?”
mother shouted as if steam was coming out
her ears. “How dare you!” she screamed.
Mother slumped into her seat feeling
ashamed of who she had raised. for some of
her life. Confused, Jack walked out the door
determined to see what was in the portal.
Tap, tap, tap went the portal stick, and again
an unusual but incredible, swirling hole
appeared right in front of his eyes. Should I
risk my life by going to another dimension he
thought to his self? But by the time he had
decided what to do, he had already been
sucked up by the force of the stick. “This
dimension is amazing,” he said as something
like a bird swooped over his head.
Meanwhile, at the other about a mile away, a
fearless, evil, monster-like giant scurried over
to his secret safe. Sureptitiously, he typed in
the code and the lasers dissapeared, letting
the giant collect his gold. Suddenly, a
hologram appeared of the elderly man
saying, remember one tap of the portal stick
will freeze time. Tap Jack couldn’t resist, so
he immediatly quickly tapped the magnificent
stick onto what looked like grass but an
unsual colour for it. Boom!
Everything was still, apart from Jack who
went to search this extrodinary dimension
because no-one was able to stop him.
“Gold!” Jack shouted and he grabbed as
much as he could carry. Tap! went the stick
as it accidently fell to the floor. Suddenly time
was back to normal and the giant was furious
to see that some of his gold hasd been
stolen. “Quick Jack, this way,” said the old
man as a hologram, and Jack jumped
straight into the portal hole....
“Jack get up, it’s time you set out for work!”
exclaimed mother. Jack’s eyes slowly
opened as he awakened but in not a lot of
time, he had already fallen back to sleep.
“What is this good for nothing stick doing
down here?” she asked. Silence filled the
house as Jack looked around for where he u
to see where he was, and just when he
thought the portal to anther another
dimension was dream, his mum shouted,
“Jack, Jack...ahh gold, we are rich!” and all
you could hear was the loud shriek of his
mum. “Coming mother,” Jack said, feeling
overjoyed.

This morning, 4th April in the year of our
Queen 1866, I proceeded to the African
grasslands (Kenya) in search for new
examples of fauna and flora. May I say, I
was astonished to meet the chameleons,
which have only been seen once before
in 1632!
As the sun rose, I managed to keep calm
whist standing amongst the most
deadliest species of plant on this
grassland. Interestingly, the plant was
named the Octavia Gun Plant because,
when threatened, it shoots out poison
darts. Following this, I was alarmed to
witness the venemous plant instantly kill
a defenceless creature from by just one
touch. The most shocking effect from this
tragic death, was the permanent pain of
the cr animal.
As the day carried on, I proudly stood
next to the rare chameleons (only seen
once before in 1632) which were all
dressed alike and beautiful. I cannot say
how extroidinary it was, to watch them all
change their bright colours on their
scaled skin; wine-red, astral-blue,
buttery-yellow, emerald-green and so
many more colours which I didn’t know
existed. My colleague, who inspired me
to come on to join him on this journey
and risk my life to find this animal said,
“This has been such an eye-popping
journey and Lady Annie Hudson and me I
feel very brave to have set out on this
journey alone.”
Once the sun had set, my colleague and
I proceeded back to the schooner as a
destructive tsunami hit the rocky shore.
The ship moved back and forth in time
with my rapid heart thumps, but I knew
thought for sure that I wouldn’t survive!
Luckily, within a few minutes a life guard,
who was in a hot air balloon, somehow
managed to pull down a ladder and
rescue us to safety.
Here I am exhausted, safe and in a dry
ship, which the life guard gave to us
since the schooner sunk. Tommorow, fh I
hope will be as action-packed as what
todays has been!
