“Happy 13th Birthday Ana!” Anabeth’s mother
exclamed loudly, while handing Anabeth her
birthday present.
“Thanks mum,” she grimaced, “but you really
didn’t have to get me anything!”
“Ahh, come on, I didn’t!”
Suddenly, Ana tore off the blue and pink polka
dot wrapping paper, and laughed.
“Wow! Thankyou so much! It’s just what I
wanted needed!”
She smiled at the Neon blue pumps.
“OK…I’m going to go and try them on!” She got
up and walked out of th
e room to the couch.
“Oh…Wait dear, there’s another present!” The
excited mother was holding a rectangular box
wrapped in brown, crusty paper.
Ana stared at the present with sadness. She
knew what it was. She knew that as soon as she
opened it, she would weep.
“Umm…oh,” she cried, “I always tried to forget
about that!”
Her mother, now wimpering, placed it gently in
Anabeth’s cold peach hands.
“It’s ok,” she said sighing, “you don’t have to
open it.”
Ana’s mother stroked her daughter on the back.
“No,” Ana murmured, while letting her tears fall
like raindrops. “I’ll open it.”
She tore off the mud coulored wrapping paper
and fell to her knees.
“Dad…” Anabeth cried.
Suddenly, everything started to shake,
everything started to disappear, everything was
gone, exactly, gone. Soon, it was just Anabeth
and the photograph of her family; darkness…
“Mum?” She asked with bewilderment. “Mum?
Where am I?”
All of a sudden, Ana fell, and fell, and fell. Then,
landed on a mossy surface. The light found itself
again. But she was not in her stark living room,
like she was seconds ago. Anabeth found
herself lying on a battlefield…
Slowly, she got up with bafflement confusement
in her eyes head, and fear in her eyes. She
looked around, and noticed a figure; a tall figure;
with dark hair and ocean blue eyes, just like
hers. Soon after, there were 5 more figures, 10,
11- thousands… She turned around with fear
and legs ready to run; but she couldn’t run, she
was planted in sinking squelching mud: mixed
with scarlet blood. Before she knew it, there
were millions of injured and bloodied solders
lying on the muddy floor ground…
“Ahhhhhahh!” She screemed with fright and tried
while trying to move her feet, but they wouldn’t
budge! She needed to get out, she needed to
go! But how? Suddenly, she remembered the
photo, maybe that was the way back; back to
home; back to mu her mother. She started to
search around her, but she could just not find the
picture, it was gone. She Anabeth, alowed her
clear tears fall freely down her cheeks. Ana knew
it, this was the end…
“He…hello?” She heard a voice, a voice familiar.
“Hello?” she cried, “is anyone there?”
Ana looked around with hope.
“err… look down,” Tthe voice whispered
She peered down at the young solder, with
bafflement. The man had brown hair and ocean
blue eyes…
“Dad?”
“Umm?” He questioned, “Do I know you?”
“Yes. Umm… Come on, we need to get you to a
hospital.”
“Please?”
Anabeth stared took a glance at the solders
shot-gun
wound, and picked while helping him up.
“Only one problem…” she mumbled, “I’m stuck.”
“oh.”
With all his power, he pulled; and pulled and
finally…POP!
“Thank you. Now come on.”
They hobbded and limped to the nearby hospital.
Anabeth sat next to her injured father, thinking
about the picture and where it would be. All of a
sudden, her knees buckled and she felt like she
was leaning foward.
She blacked out...
“Dear? Dear?”
Ana noticed that voice, and to her it was a relief.
“Mum?” She manged to open her eyes, “Mum?”
She threw herself at her mother.
“You’ve been asleep for hours!”
“I had the most crazyest dream!” She noticed
that she was back in the same old living room;
and broth a huge sigh of relief.
“Your father and I have been worried sick!”
She peered at her mother.
“Wait what?” she asked, puzzled, “dad’s dead,
dad’s gone!”
“Oh, don’t be so silly!” her mother laughed. Your
father’s upstairs!”
She had to see this for herself; she crept
upstairs and opend the creem cream wooden
door…
“Dad!”

Viking Day
When I walked into the hall, I turned my head a
and saw the most peculiar sight. It was a man,
dressed in linen, who had very long hair. He was
very welcome welcoming, of corse course, but
had a lot of weapons are suroond surrounding
him. The first words he said were GO AR! I didn’t
know what he meant but I repeated the words
back. No one knew what he meant but he
explained that they meant, good day. It was
Viking language. I knew this by the weapons, fur,
runes and by the fact that it was Viking day.
Firstly, he told us to turn around. We saw some
tunics, ropes, head scarves and hats. We had
the to put these on, starting with a tunic. Then
we sat down again, and he told us about the
Vikings and that people had completly got them
wrong. The man’s name was Gary, and he was
really funny. Suddenly DONG!! The bell rang for
playtime. During break everyone was looking at
us, obviously, because we were wearing head
scarves, tunics and ropes.
After break the man told us more about the
Vikings and their lands and family. He also told
us some Viking legends and stories, in which he
included the fur skins of animals. It was really
fun. After lunch we did a load of activities
including making oil lamps out of clay, learning
to fight with a spear and making drawing a board
game on a piece of cloth with charcol (which was
really hard). and the Gary kept on blowing this
really loud horn that I’m pretty much certain that
the whole school heard. But then the day came
to an end and we had to give Gary back our
tunics and pack away. Then Gary let us answer
some ask a few questions, some of which were
had very interesting answers.
At the very, very end Gary told us how to
remember all the things we learnt about: sailors,
farmers, raiders, settlers, traiders and crafters -
and that was the end of the day.

Dear Gary,
I would like to to thank you for
teaching us a lot about the Vikings. It was really
good fun. I enjoyed it because it was very
entertaining.
First of all, I loved it when we were sitting on the
carpet and benches, and you were telling us that
story about the man and the beacons. We were
all just gazing at you, when all of a
sudden…Dong!! You hit the shield with a silver
sword. That was one of my favourite parts d
about of the day. Another one of my favourite
parts, was when you were telling us about the
marriages and honey moon, because it was very
interesting and intreging.
I liked it when we were all lined up with shields
and fake spears, and you told us to shout as
loudly as we could, when already everyone was
looking at us. I tried as hard as I could not to
shout too loudly, otherwise we would have blown
the roof off! I enjoyed this part because it made
me feel alive. It made me feel indescribable. I
also loved make the board game, although it
was really challenging, but I love a challenge.
I loved liked enjoyed was most intrigued when
you told us some of the Viking legends,
especially when you told us about the Odin one,
and that some of the days of the week we
named after Viking gods. It was really, really
cool.
The only improvement, I’d say would be maybe
more activities because we had a little more time
at the end. But apart from that I loved it. It was
an amazing day. Thankyou very much for the
wonderful visit. I hope you can take my idea on
bord board.
Yours sincerely
Mxxxxxxx

One spooky midnight two weary knights, who
came by the names of Macbeth and Banquo,
were trudging through the misty, murcky moors
to while celebrating their late victory of defeating
the Norweigians in battle. All of a sudden, three
raggedy hags apear appeared!
“Thane of Glamis,” the first witch, as that’s what
they were, cackled loudly.
“Thane of Cawdor!” the second haggard witch
spat.
“King.” the third whi whispered creepily.
“But How can that be?” asked Macbeth with
confusion, “I am nothing more than Thane of
Glamis.” But the disgusting hags were no were
where to be seen. Suddenly Macbeth’s
messenger arrived exasted exausted, and
bowed.
“Macbeth,” he took a breath, “Thane of Cawdor.”
Oh how he Macbeth started to scheme!
When Macbeth got back to his home, he told his
wife all of that had happened and to him that
day. and Oh how they started to plot!
“Come of on,” Lady Macbeth said slyly grimaced.
“You know you want to.”
“But he’s the king,” Macbeth said, unsure of
they’re his there their plan to kill the king. “Won’t
we get caught?”
“No.” Lady Macbeth said giggling. “We won’t,
you might. But that’s why I’ve got this,” she said
greedily holding up a jar of sleeping pills. “We’ll d
invite the king over for a celebration. While he’s
sleeping, We I drug the guards, you sneak into
his room and do the dirty work and we plant it on
the guards. Just think of the power.”
“Ha. Ha. Ha – yeess yeees.”
The next night, Mabeth and Lady Macbeth
invited the king around to go to their house; they
had a glorious feast. “Sleep now,” Lady Macbeth
mischeviously said to the king, you look very
tired. OK The king yawned, as he slowly got into
an oak bed. Sleepily, Duncan drifted into his final
sleep.
Meanwhile, Lady Macb Macbeth was drugging
the guards outside the king’s wooden door. M
Once the guards were sleeping, Mabeth
sneaked into the room. He stared at the man life
he was about to take for two four seconds, and
thought, is this me? Has she climbed into my
mind? He had so many questions. Then
suddenly, the dagger dropped into the king’s
wounded body. Woosh! Squish! Drip! Quickly,
Macbeth pulled the bloody blade out of the now
lifeless body. He tried not to get blood
everywhere but he just couldn’t help it! Flesh and
blood dropped everywhere, as he tip-toed out
like nothing happened…
On the morning of their coronation, Lady
Macbeth and Macbet Macbeth hired someone to
kill Banquo, as he knew Lady Macbeth and
Macbeth had killed the king. Macbeth hired
someone because he couldn’t take the
excruciating pain of ruining Mabeth and
Banquo’s friendship. In fear of their own lives,
King Duncan’s sons ran away! After their
coronation the Macbeth and Lady Macbeth
trudged back to the misty murky moors where
Macbeth and the late Banquo saw the cackling
witches. Suddenly three ugly hags appeared, the
same ugly hags that read the prophecy.
“Beware Macduff!” the first witch cackled.
“Beware man born by no woman!” the second
witch spat.
“Beware Birnam Woods!” the third hag
whispered freakly.
With fear of Macduff, Macbeth and his army
charged at Maduff’s Contry country mansion and
killed every soul inside. Luckily for Maduff, he
was on a trip and wasn’t at home, but sadly,
Macduff’s wife and children were at the mansion
and died. When Macduff found out he was full
with of rage and wanted to take revenge. While
Macbeth was at Macduff’s mansion, Lady
Macbeth committed suicide with regret!
Surprisingly when Macbeth found out he wasn’t
full of sorrow – he was happy! In fact, he didn’t
even care! He was more distracted by the fact
that he kept on seeing Banquo’s ghost!
Macbeth found out, by his messenger, that
Macduff wasn’t killed and was furious. So furious
that he went charged – once again – to into
Birnam Woods with an army, even though the
witches told him to beware. So B Sadly for
Macbeth, his army ran away because they were
afraid. So Macbeth ran triumphantly to Macduff’s
country mansion alone. When he got to
Macduff’s home, Macduff and Macbeth battled,
alone each swinging a sword, throwing a punch.
The goal for Macbeth was power, but the goal
for Macduff was vengence. Macbeth thought he
could bat beat Macduff but Macduff was the one
who could defeat Macbeth, according to the
prophecy. Suddenly, Macduff swung his sword,
aimed at Macbeth’s neck and Chop! Woosh!
Squish! Drip! Macbeth was dead! Macduff
walked back to the castle with Macbeth’s bloody
head in his hands.
“Rejoice!” Donalbain, one of King Duncan’s
sons, shouted happily.
“Hail King Malcom!” another one the oldest of
King Duncan’s sons laughed.
Everybody was celebrating as because Prince
Malcom became King Malcom.
“Yay!” a person dressed in green yelled.
No More Death or Murder. Justice had been
done.

Some people say argue that graffiti
symbolises a declined neighborhood,
others say while other people believe
it is an resonable peace expressive
piece of art, but constantly
continuesly, both of these opinions
are being judged. There is no doubt
that this is a raging argument that no
is in desperate need of solving.
It is a fact that some graffiti can be
considered a work of art yet, on the
other hand, some can be spiteful and
rude. Consquently, graffiti is mostly
on places it shouldn’t be on, however
there are allocated places for graffiti,
so artists can be recognised without
getting into trouble.
No one can deny that some graffiti is
ofensive and quite scary but if
perpetrators get caught writing rude
and offensive things then they will be
compelled to clean the vandalism off
and as well as imer get a fine or
community service. Some people say
it is a bad influence for younger
children but, on the contrary, children
can be informed that it graffiti
vandalism is against the law and can
be brought up in a kind but firm way
to be against bad graffiti offensive
material.
To conclude my balanced argument,
clearly the art version of graffiti is
clearly misunderstood unlike
unsightly vandalism which, if the
artists are caught, I think they should
get severly punished. I hope you
have formed a clearer view on the
matter.

Which out of a potato, a lemon and a
bread roll acts as a battery?
Method:
Last week, we did an experiment testing
whether a potato, lemon or a bread roll
acts as a cell. My prediction was that the
lemon was going to work, and the others
weren’t. We used two pieces of metal
called copper and zinc. Firstly, we would
stick the two pieces of metal either side
of the object. Then we would connect the
red wire to the copper and the black wire
to the zinc; after that, we would listen for
a buzz. If it buzzed, then that would
mean the object acted as a cell and was
a conducter of electricity, but if it didn’t
then that would mean it wouldn’t be a
coduct electricity.
Conclusion:
It turns out that the potato and the lemon
both worked but the bread roll didn’t. This
is because of the citrus acid in the lemon
and the chemicals in the potato - they act
as a low-power battery. As we wait for
the buzz, the chemicals in the temonx`
lemon and potato create a negative
charge in the zinc strip, then electrons
move from the zinc strip and travel up the
wire attached, and travel up to the copper
strip, which becr becomes the positive
end of the circuit.
