Remembrance Day is very inportant to us
because of the soldiers that died in world
war one. It is known as popa Day or
Armistice Day.
People celebrate Remebrance Day on the
11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month.
People wear poppies as they were the first
ones to bloom onl on the Battle feilds of
flanders. Their bright red colour symbolises
to blood that the soldiers Lost in the war.
There are white and purple poppies. White
poppies are wone by pacifists. white sim
symbolise of peace . and purple poppies
are still produced by one charity called
Animal Aid. It not that soldiers lost the Life
Animals lost there Life to.
-fiction

Dear Princess,
How is everyone? Is everyone all right? I am
over wellmed be fearful at the same time
because my friend George was brave for fighting
but he wasn’t Lucky for surviving and got shot 5
time in his face Joshua nearly got shot in his
head. How are the twins Snow Ball and
Lightning Dust? How is the cat tTom? Still fat? I
miss you him terribly. What about you my love,
how are you? I think of you every day and every
night.
When the war is over we will go on Holiday
somewhere.
That is all for tonight.
Love from,
Terrell

leave the white house and try to find Emily and
Lizy before it get’s dark and has to sleep on the
streets till it is morning again again. Then The
street child will find a dog which he will call sn
him snipe, and they will become friends although
he misses his friend Tip. Next Rosie will find Jim
and will take him to her house. Jim will find his
friend (shrimp) who he will dance for with so the
people will buy Rosie’s seafood. When it gets
dark (at night) Jim will go and outside and play
with Shimp. Jim and Shrimp will start dancing for
a crowd of People. Rosie will complrment them
by saying, “You both should go to a show and
dance for a crowd but wh watch out for the
police.” This man named ni Nick will come and
everyone will run for there lives. After that Jim
will come continue to dance, until he meo meet
a kind doctor called Doctor Bernardo.

Immediately, I smeelt the goodness of bread
fresh bread and salty fish salt fish as I walk
done down the kaos street’s. As I rappidly
rushed down the street, I hid carefully so the
police-man do did not see me s or he don’t send
me back To the work house and the smoke.
Hardly out of breath, I walking walk done down
the wet path pathment past the dog and hard
the horses troting across the brick rods rodes
Path Path Pal paths and the nosie of two
women having a argument about somthing that
I don’t even k know about.
I feel really scard because my mother isn’t with
me and nevus because some one could snat or
snach me like the police could snach me and
take me to there house or take me to g Jail till I
get older and let me out.
The sight that I see are shops, biludings, people
and structures like the shard, the Big ben and
the spear.

In this new world, humans developed and continue
developing technology (something that would change
peoples mind). Tecnology was invented a long time ago
and now you can see everyone becoming dependent of
it. Technology mainly involves, computers (laptops,
tabalets, I pads), televisions and the most popular of
them all are the mobile phones.
People use phones to communicate faster like to call and
text a friend which is too far, as it is very convenient and
efficient.
Nearly, everyone prefers texting and calling people rather
than sending a letter by mail as it will take too long.
Shoud mobile phones be allowed in schools?
Yes and no. There are advantages like using them to for
emergencies or if you need to contact your parents as
well as for independence research. However the schools
must be careful with students so they don’t get distracted
or get stolen. So it’s important to be sure that everyone
uses them properly without pro upsetting anyone.
In my opintion I agree with y using phones in school but
their should be some rules so everyone will would use
them correctly.

In this big house there lived a rich and lovely
family (Mum dad and a little boy, called James
Trotter). James lived near the seaside where he
could play in the golden sand and swim in the
blue sea. If he wasn’t at the beach he was
playing with his friends having fun, however his
life was about to change. He had the happiest
life that a child can have. Until one day, when
his parents whent to London to do some
shopping sadly a rino ate them up unde 40
seconds. Unforunetly James was still alive but
he had to go and stay with his Anties (Antie
sponge and Antie spiker in a colossal, dull
house on top of a high hill.
When James met the old man, suspiciously he
was Frightened to death. The old man with
bristly, black wiskers and a bold head was
pointing to James to tell him to come closer to
him, so he could tell him a secret that nobody
knows. Leaning on his stick and staring at
James, He spoke in a very deep voice and put
his hand into his small pocket then pulled out
something in a brown, paper bag. James
thought what might it be inside the paper bag
but James thought whats the use of guessing
because it might be the rong answer. The old
man shows what is inside the bag; the emaraled
green things moving slowly and the faint russling
sound comming from inside the bag. The old
man tells James what to do with the green thing.
you add: add the fingers of a young monkey the
gizzard of a pig, the beak of a green parrot, the
Juice of a porkipine, three spoons…

Mary Anning was born on 21st May 1847 and she is
great fossil hunter and a paleontologist. Because Mary
was so famous someone wrote a Tounge twister
about her: “she sells sh sea shells by the sea shore.”
Joseph was mary’s brother, she was a fossil hunter, a
collecter and a paleontologist.
Mary lived by the seaside. One day Mary and her two
friends needed to get freash air so they went outside.
They next thing you know it started to rain so they
went to find a shelter underneath a tree. A bolt of ray
structed them all so they passed away except Mary.
Everyday, throughout the week Mary, her father and
her brother would stroll to the seaside and collect
fossils. The father would tell her to be careful when
operning the rocks to avoid or damage to the fossils.
Happily, Mary carefully place down the fossils on the
table and sold each of them for one pence. later on a
lady called, Elizabeth Philopt came to have a look at
the fossils and she found them very intresting, so she
invited Mary to her home to see all of her own
collection Mary was fascinated!
Unfortunately, one day Mary’s father had a great
accident. After that he never recovered so he died
Mary was only 12 years old Mary had to continue her
fossils’ hunting so she could have more money to get
on with her life.
One day Mary was searching for fossils when she
came across something black which, was a big slab of
slate. After looking at it she thought it was quite
inportant. Then she ak asked help. two men and took
it home At home patiently and carefully she chipped it
away and discovered a skull of a great creature.
Once she got it home, straight away she started to
chip the slate bit by bit. each day carefully and
patiently. It took her months and months till she found
out that it was a skull of a great creature.
As she didn’t know what to do she called Elizabeth
and a scientist, who were fascinated by what they
saw. Mary got paid £25 from the scientist. the skull
belonged to a dead creature called “lehthyosaurus”.
Once Elizabeth and the scientist had a look at the
creature (lehthyosaurus) it was taken to the British
Museum so more scientists could have a good at the
creature.
Mary continued to search for more fossils and
collected them, later on they were taken to the
museum. unfortunately, on one really took notice of
mary’s discoveries, or gave any credit. However much
later many man scientists used her fossils to do great
work. Suprisingly she also became a great fossil
hunter of all time.

On the blue safire water was a colossal ship
called the Titanic It had distinctively 1st and 3rd
class.
Wealthy people smiled at their beautiful and
expensive accomodation while the poor threw
their bags on their bunk bed all squashed.
Once you look up you would see the gigantic,
elegant towers touching the white colds in the
blue sky. While you look down on the floors
and look on the walls and chairs you could see
a sparkly clear reflection of yourself. It was so
clean you could kiss the floor. Expensive
clothes and jewellry (which were name
brands) were brought to them by well spoken
ladies and gentelmen strolling in the deck. The
smartly dressed captin wore a blue blazer with
golden buttens and blue Trousers with a plain
black and blue hat. His name was captin
smith, he looked impecable! On the other side
there were the ones, who were not so lucky so
they slept in ordinary bedrooms and they had
their meals in the cantine. However they
enjoyed themselfes and had time to dream
about their fulure in a new country.
