CANADA’S NEWEST TERRITORY

“Welcome, Nunavut! Canada’s Newest Territory!”
On April 1, 1999, a new member of the Canadian family will be born! A new
territory, called Nunavut, will join Canada. If this is new news to you, you will be very
surprised to learn that people have been discussing this new territory for a number of
years. The Canadians who inhabit the Northwest Territories have polled twice to make
choices concerning Nunavut. Actually, they have even decided what their capital will
be. It is called Iqaluit, which is the biggest community in the territory.
Nunavut is in the coldest and most northern region of Canada. The majority of it’s
land is frozen. This frozen land is called permafrost. In Nunavut you can also observe
numerous ice caps and glaciers. As you can tell, the people that are to live in Nunavut
will have to dress very warmly.
The majority of the population of Nunavut are Inuit. Actually, near 85% of the
citizens are Inuit. Are you wondering what languages the Inuit people speak? Actually,
the answer is that most of the Inuit are trilingual. They speak English, French, and
Inuktitut. This vernacular tongue has aided in passing on the myths, dancesand songs
that are the records of early Inuit history.
You may believe that because the climate in Nunavut is so exceedingly cold, no
creatures in the wild would survive. That is not so. The land in Nunavut is abundant
with animals that thrive in the harsh environment. One such being is the caribou.
Humans make coats out of their pelts, which are recognized for their warm insulation.
Groups of muskox wander the land. Muskox have dense, rough fur and broad, humped
shoulders. Other animals in Nunavut include foxes, wolves, and grizzly bears. Nunavut
is also home to an immense seal settlement, and also walruses, whales, and polar bears.
Nunavut is also a habitat to a number of astonishing birds, like ducks, geese, swans,
peregrine falcons, and snowy owls. But don’t forget those pesty insects! The cold does
not stop them! Even bees, wasps, and (of course) mosquitoes make their
appearance in Nunavut!
We all still have many thing to fathom when it comes to Nunavut. In time we will
come to understand it, though never completely. Welcome, Nunavut! Canada’s newest
territory!
