CANADA’S NEWEST TERRITORY

“Nunavut”
Move over Northwest
Territories, we need room for
Canada’s newest territory, Nunavut.
On April 1st, 1999 Nunavut will be
joining our list of Canadian
territories. Finally after many years
of decision making, it was decided
that Nunavut would become it’s
own territory. It was also decided
that Iqaluit would be Nunavut’s
capital city, since it was the largest
community in the area. Nunavut
would finally become one of
Canada’s territories.
As well as being the newest
addition to Canada’s map, Nunavut
has many interesting facts about
itself. Nunavut is the coldest and
farthest north part of Canada. It is
also very large, measuring about
1/5 of the rest of Canada. In this
enormus territory, about half of it is
mainland and the other half are
islands. Most of the land, except the
top layer of the earth, is frozen all
year long. This is called permafrost.
Even though part of the land is
frozen all year round, the lakes and
rivers are not. Just like any other
part of Canada, Nunavut’s rivers
and lakes only freeze in winter and
once again flow in summer. There
are also very large glaciers in
Nunavut. They are called
“mountain glaciers.” Nunavut has
small glaciers too, but the larger
ones are far more interesting.
Most of the people who live in Nunavut are Inuit. their large amounts of fat. Also, Nunavut is not
In fact, 85% of the population is Inuit. Some of the unbearablely cold all year round and the animals aren’t
languages spoken in Nunavut are French and English, fighting the cold for 365 days. The animals of Nunavut
but the most common language is Inuktitut. It has are probably the most fascinating creatures in all of
been spoken for thousands of years by the Inuits. Canada.
During these thousands of years, Inuktitut has been In Nunavut there are many beautiful birds of many
able to tell stories, legends, etc. better than English or shapes and sizes. Some of the most common kinds of
French ever could. birds in Nunavut are: the snowy owl, many species of
Nunavut also has many interesting mammals living ducks, geese, swans and the peregrine falcon. There are
there. Some of these mammals are caribou, muskox, many birds, but there are also many insects such as
grizzly bears, wolves, foxes, seals, walruses, whales and mosquitoes, wasps and bees. They are very annoying,
polar bears. All of these animals can survive in the but they also pollinate flowers an provide food for the
coldest winters because of their thick coats of fur or many beautiful birds.
Nunavut will surely be a wonderful new territory.
